stephen hawking astrophysicist and
arguably one of the smartest people on
the planet warned us about the
possibility of aliens from outer space
Hawking says that if extraterrestrial
visitors the outcome might be similar to
win Columbus landed in America
in other words it didn't turn out too
well for Native Americans the fact that
we are in the solar system strewn with
surrounded by over you know flowing with
ancient stuff incredible geometry
architecture domes artifact machines
living spaces ruins of all kinds on all
kinds of planet from here all the way
out the stat urn and unless you figure
that in the equation unless you
understand that we have a hidden ancient
history disclosure now it's not the
president or the secretary gates out of
the Department of Defense or the
secretary-general of the UN or the Pope
cooking of the Cameron saying they're
here that's not how it's going to go
down that's not how it's going on but
why do I say we're in the middle of it
because you can't turn on a television
now or look at a blog without seeing an
alien ET fais story from some official
source well it's only a movie and a
great movie at that but now for the
first time astronomers have found a
nearby planet where we're told that it's
possible that life could survive they're
calling it the Goldilocks planet where
it's not too hot not too cold just right
for life conditions Michio Kaku is a
theoretical physics professor and host
of the Science Channel series sci-fi
science good to see you thanks very much
for being here so when we talk about
life what kind of life are we talking
about we talking about those avatars
that we saw in the movie clip or or what
well et is not going to phone phone
anytime soon however we hit the jackpot
on this one out of five hundred planets
that we discover orbiting other stars
this is the first the first to
potentially have liquid oceans perhaps
even fish perhaps even life forms like
you find on the earth we don't know for
sure but now this is the holy grail of
astronomy finding an earth-like twin
because where there's water
there's usually light the detectives say
follow the money we scientists say
follow the water liquid water liquid
oceans because that's where life and DNA
first got off the ground so if this
planet has a liquid ocean chances are it
has at least microbial life and who
knows maybe beyond that intelligent
creatures sometime later this year maybe
early next year astronomers will
announce that we had discovered earth
like twins in outer space and will be
gaze out the night sky somebody may be
gazing back at us but it's not going to
be a two-way conversation it's not like
et phone home it's going to be a one-way
conversation eavesdropping on aliens
from outer space perhaps so even if we
were able to send a signal I've how
would we communicate that's exactly
right if you have a message in a bottle
in the ocean you can't communicate back
to the people send a message in a bottle
right which makes you see what kind of
kind of strange good I can understand up
you came up with the idea I got under
said of NASA came up with the idea and
what about the United Nations I think
they want to stake a claim because right
now there are no protocols there's no
way to address an alien ambassador
there's no way to set up how trade would
be quite communications and information
will be exchanged so I think they want
to like put a stake in the in the ground
and say we claim this in the name of the
United Nation now I know there are
others who believe in life and outer
space and they believe perhaps they've
even touched down here on planet Earth
already mm-hmm but the point that you
make about these satellites in the
coming year the Kepler and is it the
karateka a silent freakin deep into
space right right they might be able to
find signs of life that's right but the
signs of life would be like the microbes
right well I believe she is walking
around and now some part we have found
500 or 500 jayant financing on his face
but none of them are earth-like and
that's where the Kepler a u.s. satellite
and Kuro a French satellite are the wild
card sometime later this year or next
year we Adelaide and Kuro a French
satellite are the wild card sometime
later this year or next year we expect
them to announce astronomers will
announce that we found it the Holy Grail
on earth like twin and out of space if
there's something very important to be
developed from the moon
I'm not sure what it is right now and I
sure think we should identify what it is
for America to make such gross
expenditures again for human habitation
on the moon we can help we can join with
together we can explore the moon and
develop the moon we should go boldly
where man has not gone before fly by the
Comets visit asteroids visit the moon of
Mars there's a monolith there a very
unusual structure on this little potato
shaped object that that goes around Mars
once in seven hours when people find out
about that they're going to say who put
that there who put that there well the
universe put it there if you choose God
put it